1) SQL vs NOSQL data stores:
Sometimes it is better to use a standard relational database based on SQL , MYSQL for example . Other times it is better to use data stores that do not rely on relations.
commonaly called NOSQL data stores, An example is MongoDbwhich of the following are true in general?

A) SQL databases are easier to distribute than NOSQL databases.
B) SQL databses have better support for complex queries than NosqL databases.
C) NOSQL databases generally have a simpler design than SQL databases.
D) NOSQL databases support transaction better than SQL databases

Ans : B)/D)
(please revalidate answers)

2)Data Encodings:
In distributed systems , one of the major roles is exchanging messages .This often involves encoding the data is sent. Thrift , Protocol Buffers and Avro are Binary encodings 
developed respectively by Facebook, Google and Amzon, which of the following are true:

A) Protocol Buffers, In general provide a more concise format than JSON.
B) An encoding JSON message is significantly more human readable than a message encoded using thrift, protocol buffers or Avro.
C) Both protocol buffers and JSON support schemas and versioning.
D) Protocol buffers do not support list or array datatypes, the format uses a different mechanism to represent multiple values while JSON supports arrays explicitly.

Ans : C), D),B),A)
(please revalidate answers)

3) Distributed System Characteristics 

Which of the following are advantage of a distributed system ?

A) if one component fails in a distributed system the remaining component may be able to continue operating.
B) It is less difficult to implement a distributed database system because of its low cost of installation
C) The amount of processing overhead is less than with a monolithic architecture.
D) It overcomes bottlenecks of the processing pipeline easier than with a centralized system.

Ans: A), D)
(please revalidate answers)

4)  Message Queues :
In a modern distributed system , messages queues are important components that provide communication between and coordination of the parts of the system , which of the following 
are true ?

A) Messages queues make the system more decoupled.
B) Messages queues increase the reliability of the system.
C) Messages queues, in general decrease the overall performance of the system.
D) Message queues increase the complexity of the system architecture

Ans : A), B)
(please revalidate answers)




